TILIX(1)                                     Tilix Commands                                    TILIX(1)

NAME
       tilix - Tiling GTK3 terminal emulator for GNOME

SYNOPSIS
       tilix [options]

DESCRIPTION
       tilix  is  an advanced GTK3 tiling terminal emulator designed to adhere to Gnome Human Interface
       Guidelines.

OPTIONS
       The tilix application accepts the following command line parameters:

       -h --help
              Show help options.

       -v --version
              Show the version of Tilix as well as the versions of dependent components.

       -w --working-directory=DIRECTORY
              Set the working directory of the terminal.

       -p --profile=PROFILE_NAME
              Set the starting profile using the name of one of the existing profiles.  If  a  name  is
              passed that does not correspond to an existing profile, the default profile will be used.

       -t --title=TITLE
              Set the title of the new terminal.

       -s --session=SESSION_NAME
              Open  the specified session file which has been previously saved. Session files are saved
              from within Tilix, they store the complete layout of the session enabling the user to re-
              load  it when required. Note that only the layout and layout options are saved, this will
              not restore the terminal to where it was left off, rather new terminals are created.

       -a --action=ACTION_NAME
              Perform an action in the current Tilix instance, the following actions are supported:

              session-add-right Adds a new terminal to the right of the current terminal.

              session-add-down Adds a new terminal down from the current terminal.

              app-new-session Creates a new Tilix session within the current window.

              app-new-window Creates a new Tilix window.

       -e --command=COMMAND
              Execute all text after this parameter as a command, thus this parameter must be the  last
              parameter.

       --maximize
              Maximize the terminal window.

       --minimize
              Minimize the terminal window.

       --full-screen
              Full-screen the terminal window.

       --focus-window
              Focus the existing window.

       --new-process
              Start  an additional Tilix instance as a new process. By default and as per GTK+ 3 guide‐
              lines, Tilix maintains a single process that all windows belong to.  This  option  forces
              Tilix  to start as a separate process. This is not recommended and is intended for debug‐
              ging purposes only, using this option will prevent different Tilix windows from  communi‐
              cating with each other.

       --geometry=GEOMETRY
              Set the window size; for example: 80x24, or 80x24+200+200 (COLSxROWS+X+Y).

       -q --quake
              Open a window in quake mode or toggle existing quake mode window visibility.

       --preferences
              Show the Tilix preferences dialog directly.

SEE ALSO
       None

BUGS
       See bugs at https://github.com/gnunn1/tilix/issues

AUTHOR
       Gerald Nunn and other contributors.

1.4.0                                       26 December 2016                                   TILIX(1)
